Dvci 214 privacy policy and support contact email (#41)
dvci/shc-web-verifier: README.md

Will need to be updated with each CDSi release. Primary vaccine series number of doses are defined separately in src/supporting-data/AncilarySupportingData-{antigen}.json

## Contributing

> Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/dvci/health_cards. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/dvci/health_cards/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Reviewer: Links to wrong repo:
```suggestion
Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/dvci/shc-web-verifier. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/dvci/shc-web-verifier/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
```

## License

Copyright 2021 The MITRE Corporation

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
```
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
```
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

## Code of Conduct

> Everyone interacting with the project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/dvci/health_cards/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Reviewer: Link to old health_cards repo:
```suggestion
Everyone interacting with the project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/dvci/shc-web-verifier/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
```
